##########
Scene plan
##########

MC wakes up, and is late for work.
MC has to find their keys (practice of the location fn).

MC runs to the plaza.
Guard asks for MC's ID card (set name and gender here)

MC reports in to captain, meets Ignis for the first time.
MC and Ignis are put in evac detail together.

Luna's speech happens, MC and Ignis hang by the back, then direct folk to safety once it's over.
Then Luna heads to the altar, and things kick off.
The wall of water rises, and Niff dropships fill the sky.
MC heads back to report to captain, and has to find the fuse box. Is given torch.
Ignis confers with other voices on his intercom (Prompto and Gladio) who are in a spot of trouble.
He then rushes off to meet Prompto and Gladio, leaving you to take care of the citizens in the (Padore?) area.

MC passes a stockpile and has the choice to pick up rations or not.
Halfway to the citizens, MC hears Ignis over the comms - he is injured and being attacked by the Niffs
MC has the choice either to go help the citizens, or go straight to Ignis.

'I've been blocked off from the bridge,' Ignis says. He asks you to help him get to the boat.
MC needs to get the attention of Caligo's mech. (practice of the alert fn, location fn, and flashlight fn).

When MC eventually reaches Ignis, it's all up by the altar and Ardyn is there.
Something has clearly happened with Ignis.
MC has to use the location fn + alert fn to hide from Ardyn (if fail, then game over, try again).
Ardyn tells the soldiers to take Ignis into the Dreadnought.

Now safe, MC approaches the altar.
The white haired guy (Ravus) in the background is floored, and when Ardyn, Ignis and the others are gone, MC helps him up.
Ravus tells MC where Ignis has been taken, and MC makes their way to the Dreadnought.

Inside the Dreadnought, MC finds Ignis, who has lost his sight.
Ignis will talk a bit about the visions of the future and how it's messing him up.
MC helps Ignis escape.
MC has to use the flashlight fn, location fn & alert fn to avoid MTs and open doors.

-mc somehow gets ignis back to the altar. perhaps ignis asks them to take him to noct-
-gladio and prompto will take over from there on in-

The next day, MC reports back to work. Is told to help distribute rations and meds to those citizens who evacuated on time.
MC has the option to either go and see Ignis first, or go help the citizens first.
When MC goes to the Leville and talks to Ignis, tries to make him feel better.
If the right choices are made, Ignis will go out to the ministerial square with MC.
If that goes well, Ignis will take a gondola ride with MC.

MC will get a citizen rescue score at the end that will factor into an Ignis conversation.
